in the Middle East Hamas has called for
a day of furious rage to Mark the
funeral in the qari capital Doha of its
political leader ISM Han who was
assassinated in Iran on Wednesday his
body has been taken to a cemetery
outside the city where he's been laid to
rest hundreds of mourners attended the
funeral prayers at the state mosque
officials from a number of Arab and
Muslim countries attended as well as
prominent figures from fata the main
rival Palestinian faction to Hamas
well Hamas and Iran have both vowed
revenge on Israel which has so far
refused to confirm that it carried out
the attack all this has heightened
anxiety about a wider regional conflict
in the Middle East and ceasefire talks
to stop the war in Gaza and to secure
the release of Israeli hostages now seem
to be at something of a standstill well
our Middle East correspond ol garen's
been telling us what form the
retaliation may
take I I think we could very possibly
see that Iran will want to do something
different it will want to Signal very
clearly uh that this is a response of a
different order because of the nature of
what happened uh at 2 A.M on Wednesday
morning in Teran in the heart of the uh
Iranian Capital when Israel as is widely
believed uh was able to assassinate not
just an Iranian Ally but the political
head of Hamas who only hours before had
been meeting the Iranian supreme leader
ayat Ayatollah Ali hamay who of course
the day after then uh was saying funeral
prayers over his casket in tran so I
think the Iranians will want to do
something that looks and feels different
I think there is every possibility that
they will try to engage their Regional
allies we've already had Hezbollah
promising Revenge we've had Hamas
promising Revenge the houthis on on a
week toe basis are anyway carrying out
attacks on international shipping going
through the Red Sea all garan reporting
there around the world and across the UK
this is BBC